Material and relevant information was omitted in request for surveillance of Carter Page.The controversial memo detailing alleged federal surveillance abuses was declassified and released Friday following approval by President Trump.The memo, put together by House Republicans, shows improper surveillance techniques used by the Department of Justice and the FBI in , GOP lawmakers said.Democrats have dismissed , arguing that it was selectively edited by Republicans to push a narrative that the Russia investigation is biased against the president.Here’s what we know about the memo and its connection to the Russia investigation.The , put together by the staff of House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., reveals improper use of surveillance by the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia investigation, GOP lawmakers said.The memo did “raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) and represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process,” it said.Some key points of the memo include:Earlier this week, the House Intelligence Committee voted to release the classified memo on what Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., said was a party-line vote.Republicans who support the release of the memo do so in the interest of "transparency" for "anyone who cares about America and our democratic system of government," Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla.,  signed by 65 other lawmakers.House Democrats  releasing the memo, calling into question its factual accuracies and warning that it could be detrimental to national security.Committee Republicans JUST voted to declassify their spin "memo" and prohibit release of the Democratic response in what they claimed was “the interests of full transparency.” It was transparent alright – transparently cynical and destructive.Trump declassified the memo without redactions on Friday.“A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that,” he said.In a statement,  it has “grave concerns” with the memo.“With regard to the House Intelligence Committee’s memorandum, the FBI was provided a limited opportunity to review this memo the day before the committee voted to release it,” the statement said. “As expressed during our initial review, we have grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo’s accuracy.”Justice Department officials had  to block the memo's release. of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) – which was recently reapproved by Congress – allows intelligence officials to oversee communications of foreigners outside of the U.S. without a warrant.Critics argue that although the law cannot be used to target Americans, U.S. citizens are often swept up in the data collection – which can be viewed without a warrant.  Kaitlyn Schallhorn is a Reporter for Fox News. Follow her on Twitter .